you saw when KP was shooting jump shots
that squeaky was passing the ball and
one of the most important things about
being able to score is having accurate
passes okay there's a number of
different passes that you can learn when
you're first starting to play and then
you get better and better you'll be able
to pass with either hand okay let's just
use the chest pass squeak okay
two hands okay you see him go ahead jb
also chest pass okay they're stepping
with their foot to give them strength
and momentum and passing the ball with
two hands right to the chest okay jump
in here surge alright all of a sudden
squeak go guard guardian surge guard him
okay now we've got now we've got a
defender that's guard and squeegee so
that chest pass isn't going to work is
it it's going to go right through so
let's try an overhead pass okay he's
going to throw right over the top of
them okay over the top and let's throw
it back right here okay okay k p1 h EG r
jb okay so we've got a chest pass an
overhead pass squeak overhead pass again
okay right there you see him fake -
alright JB now KP is being guarded by
Justin Bowen all right Justin instead of
an overhead pass let's demonstrate a
bounce pass we're going to step around
him and throw a bounce pass okay good
okay a couple things that we just saw
okay first of all justin was able to
pass the ball with his left hand okay as
a right handed player that's really
important okay because he can't he
doesn't have to pass across his body
where the ball might get tipped alright
so we've seen a chest pass a bounce pass
and an overhead pass let's do a little
drill right now KP you step off alright
and let's play man in the middle
okay so Serge is going to guard squeaky
to start and the idea is to get the ball
around him okay and one of the things
you're going to see an important part of
the passing is using fakes using fake
Serge after you guard squeak if you tip
the ball you're in otherwise go guard JB
here we go good ah good bounce pass
chest pass good fakes okay hold it up
hold it up good job search and that's
what should happen
Serge is a good defensive player but if
we've got good passers we should be able
to get the ball around